many had hoped for it porsche
returns with a break after 16 years
Factory team back to the 24 hour race
from le mans a whole series of
could porsche on the record
fetch legendary course at the set so far
and is thus the most successful
car brand at the most famous
long distance races in the world
In 2014, Porsche will be completely new
developed vehicle for the top class
lmp1 in le mans and the
long-distance world championship WC at the
start and want to the big tradition
are already running the run
Preparations at full speed
we started in june and me
We think we are making good progress
test twice a month and give
properly gas
the team is super motivated and that is
crucial if you keep a project on
we go to the regulation we know that too
all porsche in houston worldwide exactly
we will look at it in june
2014 is so enormous
challenge also a certain pressure
around the country longed for event
Porsche has to agree with the motto
meets the heroes of le mans known
driver and the seven most successful
racing cars to the hockenheimring
hans hermann is also there
the 1970 at the so-called fight of the
titans along with richard adwords on
a Porsche 917 drove to the podium
at the beginning was the 9 17 clock
incredibly difficult to drive
So we had a crazy car
Problems of the vehicle on the street too
Keep it was with us we do not
in the car
and then we have a dynamic with
spoiler and the like then worked
and then have this 917 to one
incredibly still safe so so
quickly was enough to win
brought vehicle
Hans Herrmann and get richard attwood
the first of a total of 16 overall victories
for the factory team to join yet
100 two Porsche class wins is in le
mans a success story
the expectations are correspondingly large
for the return 2014
that is very important
that one does not only look nice once now
it's fast but that's up
Long distances to over long years
and I hope so now
gives the 2014 connection as a reserve
goes on again